LoadPanel: update demo description (#2165)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/LoadPanel/Overview/description.md

The LoadPanel is an overlay component used to notify users that a process is in progress. In this demo, you can see how to initialize and configure the component.

## Apply Indicator and Pane

> LoadPanel allows you to display a load indicator and a pane behind the indicator. For this, enable the [showIndicator](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#showIndicator) and [showPane](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#showPane) properties. Uncheck the *With indicator* and *With pane* checkboxes to disable the indicator and pane.

Reviewer: - These properties are already enabled by default. Please rewrite this paragraph.
- There's also a text string displayed by the LoadPanel. You can specify it using the `message` property.

## Shade Background

> If you want to apply a background shade, enable the [shading](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#shading) property. You can also specify a color of shade and the container to display it. For this, assign the needed color to the [shadingColor](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#shadingColor) property and set the [position.of](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#position) property to a CSS selector of the container. Uncheck the *With overlay* checkbox to disable the background shade. 

Reviewer: `shading` is enabled by default. Please rewrite this paragraph.

## Show and Hide LoadPanel

> You can manage the LoadPanel appearance initially and at runtime. Use the [onShown](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onShown) and [onHidden](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onHidden) properties to handle the show and hide events at runtime. Enable the [hideOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#hideOnOutsideClick) property to hide the component, when the user clicks outside of ti. To show and hide LoadPanel initially, use the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#visible) property.

Reviewer: > the LoadPanel appearance

When we say "appearance", we mean visual aspects, such as color, shape, etc. 

> Use the [onShown](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onShown) and [onHidden](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onHidden) properties to handle the show and hide events at runtime.

These properties are only event handlers. We should say how to show and hide the panel first. Besides, there are also the `onShowing` and `onHiding` event handlers. They allow you to cancel the show or hide events based on a condition.

> To show and hide LoadPanel initially, use the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#visible) property.

In Angular, Vue, and React, this property is used to control the panel visibility both initially and at runtime. In jQuery, we have the `show()`, `hide()`, and `toggle(showing)` methods.

I suggest the following structure for this paragraph:

- How to control the visibility in code: visible / show() / hide() / toggle(showing)
- How can users hide the component: hideOnOutsideClick
- How can I handle the show and hide events: onShowing / onShown / onHiding / onHidden

> The LoadPanel is an overlay component used to notify customers that a process is in progress. In this demo, you can see how to initialize and configure the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LoadPanel is an overlay component used to notify users that a process is in progress. In this demo, you can see how to initialize and configure the component.
```

## Show and Hide the Indicator and Pane 

LoadPanel allows you to show and hide a load indicator and a pane behind the indicator, that are initially displayed. For this, use the [showIndicator](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#showIndicator) and [showPane](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#showPane) properties. In this demo, you can uncheck the *With indicator* and *With pane* checkboxes to hide the indicator and pane.

> To specify a text to be displayed in the LoadPanel, assign it to the [message](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#message) property.

Reviewer: - "initially" != "by default". You need to restructure your sentence or the entire paragraph to get rid of "by default".
- Since the load indicator and pane are displayed by default, we should describe how to hide them.

```suggestion
LoadPanel elements (a message and an animated load indicator) are displayed on a pane. If you want to hide it, set the [showPane](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#showPane) property to **false**. You can also disable the [showIndicator](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#showIndicator) property to hide the animated load indicator. In this case, the LoadPanel displays only the [message](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#message). In this demo, you can use the "With indicator" and "With pane" checkboxes to change the visibility of the load indicator and pane.
```

> ## Configure Background Shade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the Background Shade
```

> When the component is displayed, you can see the background shade. To hide this shade, disable the [shading](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#shading) property. You can also specify a color of shade and the container to display it. For this, assign the needed color to the [shadingColor](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#shadingColor) property and set the [position.of](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#position) property to a CSS selector of the container. In this demo, you can uncheck the *With overlay* checkbox to disable the background shade. 

Reviewer: - I don't like that the description first tells how to disable the feature and only then how to configure it.
- Phrases like "for this", "to do this" are okay, but don't overuse them.
- [According to the docs](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#shading), `position.of` is only second on the chain of applying the background shade. First is the `container` property.

```suggestion
When LoadPanel is displayed, it shades the background. Use the [shadingColor](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#shadingColor) property to specify the color of the shade. You can also specify the element that should be shaded. For this, assign the element's CSS selector to the [container](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#container) property. If you do not want to shade the background, disable the [shading](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#shading) property. In this demo, you can uncheck the "With overlay" checkbox to do it.
```

## Show and Hide LoadPanel

> You can show and hide LoadPanel initially and at runtime. To hide LoadPanel initially, disable the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#visible) property. Use the [show()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Methods/#show) and [hide()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Methods/#hide) methods to show and hide the component at runtime, or perform these operations with the [toggle(showing)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Methods/#toggleshowing) method.
> 
> If you want to hide LoadPanel when the user clicks outside the component, enable the [hideOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#hideOnOutsideClick) property.
> 
> In this demo, the LoadPanel appears when the user clicks the **Load Data** button and hides after 3 seconds. It also hides when the user clicks outside of the component. You can uncheck the *Hide on outside click* checkbox to disable this functionality.
> 
> ## Handle Events
> 
> LoadPanel also allows you to handle the show and hide events. Use the [onShown](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onShown) and [onHidden](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onHidden) properties to handle the events after they have been raised.
> 
> Besides, there are also the [onShowing]() and [onHiding]() event handlers. They allow you to cancel the show or hide events based on a condition.

Reviewer: - `visible` can be used to change the visibility at runtime too.
- Event handling is very close to the topic of changing the visibility. I don't think that we should separate them.

```suggestion
To change the LoadPanel visibility in code, use the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#visible) property. Alternatively, you can call the [show()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Methods/#show) and [hide()](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Methods/#hide) or [toggle(showing)](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Methods/#toggleshowing) methods.

Users can hide LoadPanel when they click outside it if you enable the [hideOnOutsideClick](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#hideOnOutsideClick) property. Use the "Hide on outside click" checkbox to control this functionality in this demo.

LoadPanel also allows you to handle the show and hide events. Use the [onShowing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onShowing) and [onHiding](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onHiding) functions to handle the events before they occur and possibily cancel them. Use the [onShown](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onShown) and [onHidden](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLoadPanel/Configuration/#onHidden) functions to perform required actions after the events are raised.
```

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
